Provide a better error message when `CUDA::cuda_driver` not found (#8794)
rapidsai/cudf: cpp/CMakeLists.txt

    # Tell CMake what CUDA language runtime to use
    set_target_properties(cudf PROPERTIES CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY Static)
    # Make sure to export to consumers what runtime we used
    target_link_libraries(cudf PUBLIC CUDA::cudart_static)
else()
    # Tell CMake what CUDA language runtime to use
    set_target_properties(cudf PROPERTIES CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY Shared)
    # Make sure to export to consumers what runtime we used
    target_link_libraries(cudf PUBLIC CUDA::cudart)
endif()

# The CUDA::cuda_driver is needed due to JITIFY sources which
# directly call the cuda driver API

> if(NOT TARGET CUDA::cuda_driver)
>     message(FATAL_ERROR "cudf requires `libcuda.so` to be built.
>         This commonly occurs when trying to build cudf from a container without the NVIDIA runtime loaded.")
> endif()

Reviewer: The error message is unclear. It sounds like it requires building libcuda.so, which it doesn't. :)
```suggestion
if(NOT TARGET CUDA::cuda_driver)
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Building libcudf requires `libcuda.so` to be present.
        This error often occurs when trying to build libcudf from a container without the NVIDIA runtime loaded.")
endif()
```
